hey everyone it's neil patel and today
i'm going to be breaking down the
different content types on facebook that
you could be leveraging to help you get
to 200 000 followers now this is a
six lesson course covered over two weeks
if you miss any of the previous lessons
you can find them at neilpatel.com
training and click on facebook unlocked
so when it comes to content types you
want your audience to interact and
participate with the different types of
content that you're leveraging and at
some point you even want them to
purchase products from you and you
should post precise content and material
that people want to really engage in
because if they're not active they're
less likely to share your content like
your content engage by threeing comments
and more importantly if they're not
engaging and they're not active they're
very unlikely to buy from you
now i'm about to break down the types of
content they'll be very powerful to grow
your views and reach on facebook so are
you ready well first off facebook on
mobile this is where they generate the
majority of their revenue and this is
where the majority of people are going
to see your updates so if your content
isn't mobile friendly and great for
mobile devices you're not going to do
that well here's the example of how
people are doing ads and images on
mobile devices this is roughly what they
look like and if that's how your stuff
looks like you're going to do okay
if they don't you're not going to do as
well
as people scroll this is like what a
feed can look like as people are selling
products services you want to make sure
your stuff stands out if it doesn't
stand out then you're not going to end
up doing well and that's a really
important part because a lot of people
have short attention spans and if you
don't show them stuff that appeals them
right then and there you're not going to
do well and here's another example this
is it in ad stream people are scrolling
they see something they like it they
watch it so what kind of content should
you post to people when they're
scrolling in their feeds because that's
when they're gonna typically see your
information what should you end up
posting to get their attention
well let me break some of them down
first how to post no matter how good or
quality your content is people love how
to post that teach them how to do
something specific
when you look at neilpatel.com i have a
ton of how how-to related videos and
i'll teach you how to get more traffic
more advertisers or even more traffic
from facebook like i'm teaching here and
when people ask questions related to
that how-to material i'll go and i'll
respond and another thing that's similar
to how to material is video tutorials
because facebook loves video and they're
trying to go after youtube anything that
shows people how to do things step by
step does extremely well and here's an
example of what i mean by video content
i have different courses just different
videos that are standalone and they
break down how to do things step by step
and that works extremely well industry
specific stats also does well anytime
you give data people like that they
don't want to just go on facebook and be
like oh yeah this sounds right and
you're just making something up
data that's back that's relevant that
can give them an edge up on their
competition does well so any stats and
new information or anything that they
wouldn't think would be normal right
when you're breaking down data that
tends to do well like for example if you
said something about you know eighty
percent of people drive cars and that
was a stat i'm making it up but let's
say that was a real stat people like
okay whoopty do there's nothing unique
about that it has to be something that's
more shocking like and i'm again i'm
making this up
17 of people in the last 12 months have
given up their car and started using
uber so that's the example of a step
people like what i would have never
guessed that and that's the kind of
stuff that does much better if there's
also anything timely like industry news
you'll do well from that so if the
government's working on something or
there's some issue that happened
overseas or something that is within
your industry for example google
releasing an algorithm update that's all
examples of industry news then if you
have any case studies i've done this a
lot so a good example of this is we've
analyzed 5 billion articles from 64
countries here's what facebook loves or
we analyze 120 000 google ads and here's
what we learned about local businesses
all that kind of stuff that case study
that market data anything related to a
specific segment or sector tends to do
well
live demos checklists this is pretty
self-explanatory people love cheat
sheets anything that they can quickly
skim and get a full grasp of what they
need to learn
q and a's as long as you're willing to
answer everyone's question you can do a
uh ass you know whatever your name is
anything so in my case it would be ask
neil anything a a or if my name was
michelle like my wife so it would be ask
michelle anything and
do the questions make sure you're
responding to each question that your
audience has and answer it people also
want roundups
there's a lot of interesting stuff
around the web there's over a billion
blogs so it's hard to keep track of news
within a space so anything that is time
sensitive that's related to your
industry and people can just go look at
your list and see what's happening that
works too
there's also ways that you can make your
content stand out just through creatives
whether it's images or a carousel of
images or
canvases or videos all this kind of
stuff can help your content send out so
make sure you leverage these different
creative types as well
and there's no one size fits all what
works for your competitor even if in the
same industry may not work for you
because a lot of times audiences are
different or when they started times
were different and things worked out
differently so make sure that you test
and you figure out what's working for
you and then adapt and keep leveraging
that more and more i also recommend that
you test out doing instructional guides
this is what i first started off with
back in the day like the advanced guy
testio this kind of stuff built a lot of
backlinks a lot of awareness and just
drove tons of traffic
if you have a podcast also consider
posting your podcast content on
facebook if you don't have a podcast you
should consider creating one it's
booming right now there's not that many
podcast and whoever is there even if you
don't do much marketing at all you'll
get a ton of listens
inspirational quotes do really really
well i think one of my best
uh posts on facebook was the elon musk
quote i forgot what the quote was but i
know it had more views than anything
else and this was before elon was
uber uber rich technically he was
already really rich back then too he was
worth probably a billion plus dollars
but now he's worth much much more than
that
check out facebook messenger marketing
as well you can use tools like manychat
to communicate with people on your fan
page this is a type of content my
favorite part about messenger bots is
the open rates are extremely high on
this and you can get people to buy
products and services from you i also
would consider creating a video blog
video blogs are really cool because it's
like them following your story your life
for example like the kardashians you can
create some sort of effect like that
which can do quite well one of my
favorite things to do that i don't do
enough of but i need to do more and more
and it's worked really well was going
live on facebook and when you go live
you can even do that with webinars they
have a huge audience over two billion
people who are on facebook on a monthly
basis so if you go live because they're
trying to compete with television
networks they're much more likely to
show that content to everyone which will
allow you to do better and better when
you're going live i recommend having
some sort of call to action in there
even if you're telling people to go to a
specific place
and you can get leads and sales from
that i did something similar with bounce
exchange i was in their office and we
went live on multiple platforms and we
talked about their solution and
marketing and all this kind of good
stuff and they share some tips so that
was pretty cool
some roi numbers when it comes to
streaming webinars here are some numbers
from a client that did over 400 000 in
sales over the course of 10 live streams
and the numbers are quite amazing a lot
of people registered a lot of people
attended live good amount of purchases
there were some refunds but still the
numbers were amazing and you can do a
lot of cool stuff by just going live and
spending a little bit money on ads and
i'll show you how to do this more in
depth as well as we get through the
course
one strategy that i want you to test out
that not too many people use on facebook
is go and find groups relate to your
industry
so do a search on facebook type in a
keyword like fitness or whatever it may
be
and then from there participate in the
group join the conversation uh get to
know the people and eventually i want
you to reach out to the group admin and
when you're building a relationship with
them what you'll want to do is you'll
want to see if they're down to go live
because if they go live all their
members will know about you and then you
can even do the same for them with your
group members right because i taught you
how to create a group in the last lesson
if you missed it you can find it
neilpatel.com training and click on
facebook unlock and when you're going
through that process what you'll want to
end up doing is
you'll want to
have an offer for whatever product or
service you're selling just like i
showed you in that webinar example and
with all this content make sure we
purpose it from instagram to
whatsapp to
you know any
place out there you can repurpose your
content even on twitch and linkedin and
youtube if you're not repurposing it
you're not getting as much knowledge out
of your content that's why i repurpose
my content and i put it everywhere i'm
putting my content on youtube linkedin
twitter because it just gets me more
traffic
i have this checklist for you to make
your life easier go to neilpatel.com
training click on
facebook unlocked it's the third lesson
in there you can find the left-hand
navigation under week one it's the last
lesson in there and i want you to
download this template next week i'm
going to teach you how to get more
organic reach on facebook and then i'm
going to go over advanced strategies and
of course we're going to break down paid
media strategies because i know we've
covered that in the last few lessons but
i haven't gone in depth on that and last
but not least i'm going to teach you how
to grow your brand on facebook and
generate sales from that brand
so with these facebook content types you
won't run of ideas for a very long time
and it should make it easier for you to
repurpose if you enjoy this video like
it share it subscribe to the channel
tell the people about it
um and if you have any questions leave a
comment i'll do my best to answer it and
help you out if you want my team to just
do everything for you check out my ad
agency neil patel digital